RN 39739 (#3247)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/Configuring_components/Customize_Component_Layout.md

     - In the *Colors* section, specify a custom background color and/or font color, either by specifying the color in RGB format or by using the color picker box on the right.

>        Under *Colors* > *Data colors* or *Colors* > *Color palette* (prior to DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7<!--RN 39739-->), you can customize additional component colors, e.g. for the lines in a line chart.

Reviewer: Just a headsup, this structure changes again in https://intranet.skyline.be/DataMiner/Lists/Release%20Notes/DispForm2.aspx?ID=39746: 
![image](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs/assets/113689648/f532e435-694f-472c-9d83-f9ae4a636533)

       From DataMiner 10.3.0 [CU16]/10.4.0 [CU4]/10.4.7 onwards<!--RN 39739-->, under *Colors* > *Data colors*, you can specify conditional colors. If a display label of the data matches the specified text, that data will inherit the conditional color.

       To add a conditional color:

       1. Select *Add conditional color*.

>        1. Enter the text to match the display label. Partial matches are allowed. For example, entering `Tot` will match data labeled `Total`.

Reviewer: It's actually a regular expression. '^Tot$' will only match 'Tot'.

Author: ```suggestion
       1. Enter a regular expression to match the display label. For example, entering `Tot` will match data labeled `Total`, while entering `^Tot$` will only match data labeled `Tot`.
```
@GillesBara, is this more accurate?

>        1. Choose a custom color, either by specifying the color in RGB format or by using the color picker box on the right.

Reviewer: RGB isn't the only accepted format, you can also use the hex or names: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_colornames.asp

Author: ```suggestion
       1. Choose a custom color, either by specifying the color in RGB format, by entering the hex value or HTML color name, or by using the color picker box on the right.
```
